My understanding of and how I implemented the Homework Assignment:
The script that I wrote in python was based off of the following things that I derived from the assignment. 

The script should be able to handle multiple files in CSV format. These files are titled with an alpha prefix and an alpha numeric suffix (e.g. ABC-12DX.csv). My assumption is that these files will contain a csv of truthys for the "virus" checks. 
The script should output one file with metadata and data. The output file should be titled with an alpha prefix of the user’s input and the time and should be in JSON format. The file should contain a metadata object with important things to note about the program and information about the files that were input into the program. The data object should contain the rules listed in the assignment.
The first rule, to my understanding, was to find all the alpha prefixes and put a counter on how many files with the same alpha prefix there were. For example, if we had 3 files titled A-12.csv, A-13.csv, and B-1.csv, the program would count 2 prefixes, [A, B]. Since A appeared twice, the program would count A: 2 and B:1.
The second rule was to parse through any file with the prefix of virusScanResults. Then, we would take the first column of each row and see if it is a Truthy, The issue that I ran into is that since all of the rows were coming in as string arrays, the Truthy was returning true for everything. In order to bypass this, I made the assumption that all non-Truthy values existed in this list ['false', 'False', 'none', 'None', '', ' ']. 

What the script does:
When triggered, the script imports the necessary modules. Then, it tracks the startTime and records it. It then looks into the input path and finds all csv files. It will read each filename, split the alpha prefix and record them. If any prefix is "virusScanResults", it iterate through each row of the file and check if the first column is a truthy. If it is, then we record them. After iterating through all the files, we use a dictionary to count the prefixes and how many times they occur (e.g. "inputFileCounts": {
 "homeworkTest": 2, "virusScanResults": 2
}). Then, we get the end time and calculate the processing time as endtime-starttime. After, we create a JSON object and append the data to it. From this point, we have our data in a JSON file, so all we need to do is create an output file and write the data into it. To create the filename, we use the outputalpha and append that to the datetime that is stripped of all special characters. Now we have our output and the process is completed. This program should be quite robust. If there are no csv files, we will still record the metadata (start,end,process times, etc), but the data would be empty. Also, if a file had empty spaces, the truthy reader would read it as false and would not record it as a virus hit.

Problems with Docker and Kubernetes:
Because I work on a computer with Windows 7, I ran into many problems with installing Docker. Initially, the approach that I took was to install directly from Docker Hub. However, I soon realized that Docker required Windows 10 Pro or Enterprise edition for Hyper-V. Supposedly, my machine had to use a legacy version of Docker, Docker Toolbox. After installing it, I ran into hardware and configuration problems. When attempting to run the Docker machine, I would get invalid memory address issues. I realized that my machine would not be able to run Docker, so I moved on to another option. I considered creating VMs in both Azure and AWS, but I ran into some additional issues with compatibility and the need to pay. Because of this, I have provided a Dockerfile I based off of examples from tutorials that I found online. 

My understanding of Docker and Kubernetes:
From what I understood from my research, Docker is a tool that creates containers to bundle an application, with all of its dependencies. Docker generates these containers based off of configuration files and unix OS functionality. The containers are similar to virtual machines, but instead of allocating all resources to that VM, you are able to share those resources with other containers. Kubernetes allows you to automate, run, and schedule containers across clusters of hosts.